hello everybody it is pops so today we
are doing an ice box video so let's get
started with your questions
he has many close friends I don't know
what to find as many but I would say I
have a handful of close friends and for
me that is plentiful I would say
girlfriend was really close girlfriends
I have three close girlfriends and two
close guy friends I don't even see them
often I mean quite a few of them live on
the other side of the world but it
doesn't matter at all I just feel
blessed
I have someone I could just you know
tell my deepest problems to you
you know I'd rather have like a small
circle of friends rather than having you
know a lot of friends who you know are
just soso any celebrity that you think
slash get tools that you look like I
know this is gonna make some you gets
cringe but some people among so quite a
few people have actually told me that I
look a little like Jessica from Girls
Generation
I know I know peek away but it has
happened
have you ever been losing friends along
the way when you were chasing your
dreams not that I lost friends per se I
would say it's more off you know during
some points where I hit certain
milestones I have some friends that just
couldn't be happy for me at the time it
did matter to me because these are
people that you know mean a lot to me so
I want them to care and I realize you
know it's awesome honor and I don't like
to think of it as you know jealousy I
think about I really need someone that
come up to me and say oh my gosh we have
asked you know so it's not it's not
really needed sometimes I think back to
the the times where maybe I've been a
little insensitive to my friends you
know um yeah I don't mean it sultans you
know I would just come up with good news
and tell them you know things that are
happening online
in fact for them maybe like not so much
it's gone alone in the end Tim and I did
talk about it and we just decided maybe
let's not be so insensitive even though
it's with no bad intentions at all but
no I I barely even talked about it you
know my work or anything to my
girlfriends it's just something I don't
really talk about it so I'm I'm all and
for this thing about my friends and what
they get up to but for me it's just
something that I just keep to myself or
if you know I can share it with Tim
which is more than enough for me what is
your favorite quote from the Bible mine
is Isaiah 41:10 and it is do not fear
for I am with you so whenever I I feel
anxious all right it feels worried I
just repeat this over and over and over
and it just calms me and it just stores
me you want your child to grow up in
home-home
or in Northern Ireland I hope this
doesn't offend anybody this is just a
choice that you know Tim and I made
together but probably we don't want to
bring up bring up our child in Hong Kong
I mean our babies can be born in Hong
Kong and most likely our baby will
probably spend the first year of its
life in Hong Kong but our closets
eventually move back into the UK and not
that I feel like you can't have a real
child in Hong Kong of course you can't
but the childhood that we have
envisioned for a child is back home in
UK just you know from our relatives and
you know friends who did grow up in Hong
Kong I just feel like Hong Kong is
probably a place that's too busy I feel
like I don't want my child to go through
too much pressure I guess we're
competitive in Hong Kong it's such a
busy place so what I would like is for a
child to be back in the UK and where
there's more space they can go up
tonight
sigh I have an amazing childhood in the
UK so I kind of want my child to have
that sense I really enjoyed my education
everything back home and we don't know
whether we will definitely return back
in Northern Ireland but it's definitely
back in the UK what are your first
thoughts when you wake up you surely it
what time is it or do I need to pee any
regrets on your first relationship I
think we all have regrets and our first
relationship because we're clueless so
we don't know what we're supposed to do
no one tells you is not something that
you can just read off a book something
that you only experienced yourself
I guess I regret being a pushover you
might kind of let my ex-boyfriend boss
me around and tell me what to do and I
really regret letting myself ditch my
friends for a boy and I really do
believe when you break up you know
that's for a reason okay I like breaking
up and go back with him breaking up and
then going back with him have you
thought of baby names yet yes we have we
actually notice sex no baby we're not
exposing it until a few weeks later the
doctor is really right about guessing
the sex of the baby then we already have
a name for our child and we actually
thought about this name and years ago
are you guys still time
each uber I would say I am you not mean
like we do you have other adventures and
stuff but I would say YouTube is
something that I think about every day
you know I love to keep up you guys
through social media and everything I
enjoyed smoggy I know I'm always
thinking for videos for Bub's baby so
yeah I would say Emmie filled time
youtuber you consider flops or your
child as it grows up so you will have
video memories off their life um this is
something that we haven't really thought
about yet of course I want to capture
you know moons up you know our child
growing up I'm not really sure how it
works you know I want to get to like an
area where I feel like I'm exploiting my
child but Sam
time we love to blog so it's nice to be
flying with maybe the baby in our lives
I don't want you know so maybe not the
baby as a focal point but just as you
know part of our daily life what is
something you think people always think
of you when they meet you for the first
time I think it's definitely wow she's
really short what is my biggest
accomplishment so far
I remember think about this question a
long and hard I feel like I've been
blessed of a lot of opportunities but I
would say my biggest accomplishment has
to be meeting such a great guy like Tim
Tim doesn't have a guy that would do
anything for his friends and you know
his friends know already you know if you
ask him to walk a mile he'll walk an
extra mile with you we're so different
but somehow we just were similar and we
just we just really really click and
he's just someone I could just totally
be myself with he never feels like me
laughs every single day and you bugs me
like all the time and it could be so
gross and father I just think I just
think he's awesome
where did the name bugs come from Tim
used to call me Buffy and that's how
Bobby turned to pubs so these things if
you know most people know me as Bob's
rather than my real name which is Lindy
and Bull the spine booth book is very
personal to me okay so these are some of
your questions answered today so thank
you guys so much for your question
so if you want to ask me a question then
remember to follow me on twitter at bob
speedy and hashtag ask bubs
so I can see your questions thank you
guys so much for watching and I shall
see you soon bye everybody